docs(templates): add the issue report & PR templates (#103)
bugsnag/bugsnag-flutter: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve the library
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Before raising, please check if somebody else has already reported your issue. -->

### Describe the bug
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

### Steps to reproduce
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

### Environment
* Bugsnag version:
* Dart version:
* Flutter version:

> * Flutter app or native app with flutter module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flutter-first app or native app with Flutter component(s):
```

* iOS/Android version:

> * Simulator/emulator or physical device:

Reviewer: @lemnik – can you give this list the once-over and check you're happy with what we're asking for?

Wasn't sure about Dart version - is that known given the Flutter version?

Reviewer 2: It looks good except for that "Dart version" - that is defined by the Flutter SDK version as @tomlongridge suggested
